Update README.md with the current version of ocaml-git (#383)
mirage/ocaml-git: README.md

## ocaml-git -- Git format and protocol in pure OCaml

Support for on-disk and in-memory Git stores. Can read and write all the Git
objects: the usual blobs, trees, commits and tags but also the pack files, pack
indexes and the index file (where the staging area lives - only for `git-unix`
package).

All the objects share a consistent API, and convenience functions are provided
to manipulate the different objects. For instance, it is possible to make a pack
file position independent (as the Zlib compression might change the relative
offsets between the packed objects), to generate pack indexes from pack files,
or to expand the filesystem of a given commit.

The library comes with some command-line tools called `ogit-*` as a
Proof-of-concept of the core library which shares a similar interface with

> `git`, but where all operations are mapped to the API exposed `ocaml-git` (and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`git`, but where all operations are mapped to the API exposed by `ocaml-git` (and
```

> hence using only OCaml code). However, these tools are not done to be use. They

Reviewer: Just a grammar suggestion since this line was changed, even though you hadn't changed this phrase:

```suggestion
hence using only OCaml code). However, these tools are not meant to be used. They
```

are just examples of how to use `ocaml-git`.

`ocaml-git` wants to be a low-level library for [irmin][irmin]. By this fact,
high-level processes such as a ([patience][patience-diff]) diff, `git status`,
etc. are not implemented.

The API documentation is available [online][documentation].

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/mirage/ocaml-git.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/mirage/ocaml-git)

### Build, Install Instructions and Packages

To build and install the project, simply run:
```sh
$ opam install git
$ opam install git-unix
```

As a MirageOS project, `ocaml-git` is system agnostic. However, it provides a
`git-unix` package which uses UNIX _syscall_ and it able to introspect a Git
repository as you usually know. However, `ocaml-git` handles only Git objects

> and it does not _populate_ your filesystem as `git` does.

Reviewer: This is a super helpful clarification. I'd even suggest moving this caveat up to the top of the readme, as it makes it very clear that this library is not suitable for many use cases which a user might initial expect from a library called "git".
